[Music]
if you're tired of the same old same old
when it comes to tourist attractions and
you happen to have a taste for all
things spooky then it looks like this
video is just for you keep on watching
to learn which places to visit if you
love a good scare but beware this list
is not for the faint of heart
don't forget to click the subscribe
button and ring the bell icon to join us
on the right side now back to the creepy
stuff the lone bizarre you wouldn't
think that an outdoor market that's open
to the public could be scary but it all
depends on what sort of merchandise is
available looking for a goat's head a
live monkey or an alligator skull the a
coderre fetish market in lomé Togo on
the continent of Africa probably has it
if you want to practice voodoo or dip
your toe into black magic they say this
is the place to go but it's not meant
for just the dark arts visitors also had
their if traditional medicine hasn't
worked out and they want to try a more
alternative approach they'll head there
to cure infertility the flu or the
run-of-the-mill black curse their
neighbors inflicted because of their
barking dog you know just regular stuff
Miya kijima how would you feel if you
saw a whole town of people wearing gas
masks to the residents of Miyako Jima
Japan this is a totally normal
occurrence but to outsiders
the site can be outright terrifying each
resident is required to carry a gas mask
in case mount a yama the active volcano
that stands right in the center of the
island erupts in june 2000 the volcano
started releasing so much toxic gas that
people had to evacuate they were allowed
to return five years later but they need
to have their gas masks Andy because the
volcano can take
used to spout out sulfuric acid
regularly so if you want to feel the
thrill of being near an active volcano
and you'll want to set eyes on what
looks like some scene straight out of a
post-apocalyptic movie then this is the
place for you the screaming tunnel this
seemingly normal tunnel near Niagara
Falls Canada is said to be the site of a
terrible tragedy the stories vary on
what happened and why but they all
involve a girl perishing in the tunnel
and screaming it said that the ghost of
the unknown girl now lives there and
that if you head into the tunnel in the
middle of the night and light a match
you'll hear her scream so she just wants
to like bum a cigarette
well would you dare enter the screaming
tunnel the island of the dolls if you
love cute little dolls and you want to
continue thinking of them with affection
instead of terror you should probably
stay away from this next place in Mexico
between the canals of za Chi milk oh
you'll find la Isla de las million cos
or the island of the dolls where there
are hundreds of dolls hanging from trees
legend has it that a man who lived on
the island saw a drowned girl floating
in the water when he leader found a doll
floating on the water thinking it
belonged to the girl he put it up in a
tree as a sign of respect the man was
haunted by the girls ghost so he put up
hundreds of dolls to please her spirit
ah the more the merrier
though he didn't mean any harm the
island is now covered with creepy dolls
in various states of deterioration that
greet visitors each year ooh
dolly rotten crack oh it looks quite
pretty from afar but when you get a
little closer to the Italian village of
Cracow you start to see there's
something seriously wrong this town is
completely abandoned the village was
founded in the 8th century and thrived
for a long time
but natural disasters like earthquakes
and landslides eventually made it
unlivable the buildings have been
deteriorating over time with no one to
tend to them walking through the empty
streets of this ghost town can be
haunting yet fascinating at the same
time snake island
you've heard of snakes on a plane but
what about an island that's chock-full
of them only snake island is no work of
fiction it's an actual island that's
located off the coast of Brazil there
are hundreds of thousands of snakes on
this island but the scariest one comes
from the pit viper species i'm talking
about the golden lancehead and its
poison is so powerful that it actually
melts the flesh around the bite oh yeah
let's all go there locals in the nearby
coastal towns love to tell gruesome
stories of what happens to people who
set foot on the island one is about a
fisherman who wandered into the island
to pick bananas another involves a
lighthouse operator who got bitten when
a snake crept into his home spoiler
alert
both stories end well just gas if you
have the same fear of snakes as Indiana
Jones this could be your worst nightmare
bran castle what could be creepier than
the presumed home of the blood sucking
king of all vampires Dracula himself
well it isn't Dracula's castle per se
but the castle was the home of Vlad the
Impaler who was the inspiration for
brand stoker's dracula bran castle or
Dracula's castle as its called
colloquially is in the southeastern part
of Transylvania Romania the castle is
now a museum but all the ancient weapons
stories of Vlad's bloodthirsty
activities accounts of creepy sounds and
the underground passages make the castle
a sinister place to all who visit
Hashima island if you ever want to feel
like the last person on the planet
just head to Hashima island in japan
this island looks like something out of
a dystopian world in the early 1900's
Mitsubishi Corporation had a City
complete with entire buildings roads
schools restaurants you name it
built on the island so that they could
mine for coal they're the miners and
their families live comfortably on the
island until the coal ran out
Mitsubishi left and everyone packed up
and followed suit
Hashima island is now a ghost town quite
literally according to the legend
besides being deserted nothing awful
really happened there but there are
still plenty of stories claiming that
ghosts roam the streets and that you can
hear murmurs and whispers even when
you're alone Hey and then you can take
your vacation in the Italian village of
Krakow and you'll feel right at home
all by yourself the village of dolls
again with the creepy dolls well the
other one was the island of the dolls
remember well here we go in a Goro Japan
you'll find all kinds of dolls that are
so big in life like that it's hard not
to get the heebie-jeebies if you were to
head there completely unaware of its
history and you get lost you might walk
up to a person on the street only to
discover there a doll with your heart
pounding out of your chest you'd look
around to see that there aren't any
people just lifeless dolls staring
blankly back at you when artists uh-uh
note tsukimi came back home to Nagar oh
she noticed so many of the people she
grew up with had either left or passed
away so she got an idea to make a doll
out of each and every one there are
dolls everywhere there are those who are
fishing some are alone and others in a
group there are doll children sitting in
school and elderly dolls relaxing on
porches at this point the village houses
way more dolls than people with a human
population of about
forty and a doll population of 350 and
growing zucchinis efforts may seem
creepy to some but they can also be
considered fascinating and really sweet
to others perikala sculpture park
located in finland perikala sculpture
park is home to some really lovely
sculptures and some downright terrifying
ones go for a visit if you want to say
ah one minute and scream in fear the
next there are nearly 500 concrete
figurines that were all created by a
reclusive artist named veo rohnke net
what was going through his head when he
created them only he knows but whatever
it was it's left a lasting impression on
the tens of thousands of tourists who
visit the park each year many of the
sculptures show people going about their
daily activities there are also some
nice kitties and you'll even find some
cute owls oh yeah and some of the
sculptures have real human teeth the
creepy factor increases since the human
figurines usually have tiny pupils
sunken eyes or no eyes and mouths open
in a sinister smile so tell us bright
ciders what's the scariest place you've
ever visited let us know down in the
comments me it's usually the men's room
at some gas station don't forget to give
this video a like share it with your
friends and click subscribe to stay on
the bright side of life
[Music]